Discrepancy Report Results

Summary
COUNT_TRNAS: 2 sequences have 2 tRNA features
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag has 2 trna-Phe features
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Ala
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Arg
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Asn
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Asp
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Cys
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Gln
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Glu
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Gly
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-His
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Ile
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Leu
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Lys
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Met
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Pro
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Ser
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Thr
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Trp
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Tyr
COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Val

Detailed Report

COUNT_TRNAS: 2 sequences have 2 tRNA features
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:tRNA	Phe	lcl|LocusCollidesWithLocusTag:1-11	

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag has 2 trna-Phe features
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:tRNA	Phe	lcl|LocusCollidesWithLocusTag:1-11	
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:tRNA	Phe	lcl|LocusCollidesWithLocusTag:1-11	

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Ala
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Arg
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Asn
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Asp
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Cys
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Gln
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Glu
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Gly
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-His
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Ile
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Leu
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Lys
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Met
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Pro
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Ser
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Thr
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Trp
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Tyr
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

COUNT_TRNAS: Sequence LocusCollidesWithLocusTag is missing trna-Val
test-data/FIND_DUP_TRNAS.sqn:LocusCollidesWithLocusTag (length 24, 4 other)

